Document metadata only downloads (#313)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/download_files.md

## Metadata

> Included with each download, is a `single_cell_metadata.tsv` file containing relevant metadata for each sample included in the download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Included with each download is a `single_cell_metadata.tsv` file containing relevant metadata for each sample included in the download.
```

| `date_processed` | Date sample was processed through `AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf` |

Additional metadata may also be included, specific to the disease type and experimental design of the project.
Examples of this include treatment or outcome.
Metadata pertaining to processing will be available in this table and inside of the `SingleCellExperiment` and `AnnData` objects.
See the {ref}`SingleCellExperiment experiment metadata <sce_file_contents:singlecellexperiment experiment metadata>` section for more information on metadata columns that can be found in the `SingleCellExperiment` object.
See the {ref}`AnnData experiment metadata <sce_file_contents:anndata experiment metadata>` section for more information on metadata columns that can be found in the `AnnData` object.

For projects with bulk RNA-seq data, the `bulk_metadata.tsv` file will be included for project downloads.
This file will contain fields equivalent to those found in the `single_cell_metadata.tsv` related to processing the sample, but will not contain patient or disease specific metadata (e.g. `age`, `sex`, `diagnosis`, `subdiagnosis`, `tissue_location`, or `disease_timing`).

> ### Metadata only downloads

Reviewer: I think? (and check any relative links, too)
```suggestion
### Metadata-only downloads
```

Metadata for all samples on the Portal is available to download separately from gene expression data downloads.

> The metadata for all samples in a given project can be downloaded as a single zip file containing the `metadata.tsv` file and a `README.md` file.

Reviewer: What do you think of this?
```suggestion
Each project page has an option to download metadata for all of its samples as a single zip file containing the `metadata.tsv` file and a `README.md` file.
```

> Project-specific metadata will contain all columns mentioned [above table](#metadata) and any additional project-specific columns, such as treatment or outcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project-specific metadata will contain all columns listed in [the above table](#metadata) and any additional project-specific columns, such as treatment or outcome.
```

Additionally, the metadata for all samples on the Portal is available and contains the metadata for all samples available on the Portal.

> The Portal-wide metadata will contain all columns mentioned in the [above table](#metadata).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Portal-wide metadata will contain all columns listed in [the above table](#metadata).
```
